welcome back to movies recapped today i
am going to explain a chinese adventure
thriller film
called hanson and the beast a boy comes
on the scene at the start of the film
it appeared as if he was fleeing from
any source of fear
it is revealed after a keen observation
that it was not anything else but a fox
which bruises him that boy's name is
yuan
then that same boy is seen sitting with
a girl
that girl is telling him that i am a fox
demon some people begin to pursue them
as they are conversing
those people begin to run after that
girl and that boy
yuan also reaches the washroom of a
hotel while running
unfortunately there was already another
boy in the washroom
who strikes yuan's stomach very badly
consequently yuang loses his strength so
those people carries
yuan to a desolate place along with them
there were some wicked people who were
looking like the criminals
they begin to scare yuan threatening him
after this
they say to him return our debt an
awkward sight is also shown there
that a man cuts his fingers there and
these all people move
grabbing all his money
then yuang returns to his house from
there
and he is threatened we will kill you if
you don't pay our debt on time
the same girl comes to his house again
she says
yuan why are you not believing in me
that i am a fox demon in reality
in spite of it yuan does not believe in
her and that girl transformed into her
real appearance as a fox demon
she was a lovely white fox demon but who
isn't scared of it
so yuan is also scared of her and he
begins to run away
he thinks how any human may transform
into a fox
now the scene takes a turn and a boy is
seen watching news on tv
news is about that fox demon moving to
his other companions
he tells them that a fox demon is
wandering in the city nowadays
now they begin to plan that we will
surely make that fox demon
capture and that boy yuan also wished
the same
in the meantime it is noted that he
falls from the floor of his house
yuan falls unconscious the next morning
he is surrounded by a large crowd
they start taking his photos and making
his videos
coming into senses yuan feels
embarrassment
standing straight he runs from there
yuan
returns to his house back but those
people who were asking their debt from
him come to him again
they leave taking him with them they say
your given time is over
return our money otherwise we maltreat
you as such as you will remember forever
what will you remember we will not let
you survive
they are talking then that fox demon
girl arrives there
she rescues yuan coming there
and she takes her real appearance
seeing her all people or moneylenders
are panicked
they leave that place then the leader of
that place is seen
who is leading those moneylenders he
asks to all
which is that fox demon and where did it
come
and i need details about her who is she
how did she
transform into a fox demon who did
inform her about our location
but those all people say to their head
we know nothing about her
so that leader becomes furious and he
captures a girl
and he turns her insane while injecting
anzi takes her in his custody
and he also captures a boy along with
her
injecting him he turns him into a cat so
he is reduced in his size
now yuan is shown making any sort of
deal with some people
two people arrive to him including a boy
and a girl and they are saying to him
that we will have to show ourselves as a
fake couple
there will also be required a baby for
us for this purpose
he may belong to anyone we just need to
show ourselves as a family
yuan is also saying to them don't worry
i will carry out your all tasks then
that fox demon appears there
that fox demon tears the shirt of yuan
coming there as they were still
conversing
she tears off the sleeve of his shirt
yuan
says to him what is the trouble with you
why are you not leaving me had i asked
you to rescue me
you spoil my dealing with my customers
disputing like this
do you know which challenging period
that i am facing
money is my most urgent need right now
and i'm doing it for this reason
it's better if you leave me both then
depart from there
after a few days euro's head approaches
there and says to him
i know that a fox demon is disturbing
you
do you also want to get rid of her you
on
tells yeah but how did you know about it
that bureau's head says i know
everything he tells
yuang revealing himself that i have
access to such places
i have much money and authority and the
interesting fact is this i also want to
capture that demon fox
and you can assist me in this matter
secondly i also know it that money is
your dire need right now
and i can support you in this matter
there is an injection
you may inject it in the neck of that
fox demon i will
also give you that injection i will also
award you much money in return that your
life may take a new turn
yuan says to him i have no knowledge
about you
and how can i inject the neck of any
girl i don't know
why and how is she a fox demon i never
made such deal till now
but that bureau's head hands yuan over
some money before work
and he says keep this money later i will
also award you the heap of money
my assigned tasks should be accomplished
now yuang goes to a fair after being
agreed
where that fox demon had to visit
he begins to search for her he notices
that she is gathering some shattered
lying items
selling it she gets money guan
yuan asks her why are giving this money
to me
that fox demon says to yuan because i
have affections for you
now i am not going to ever leave you
yuan
shows his anger on her moves somewhere
else where she is maltreated by many
people
being suffered she moves into a room
some people are singing there
the man who was there was wealthiest
there was heap of money
lying aside so he says to that fox demon
you may own all money if you sing a
soothing song meantime
there is fuss it is seen that bureau's
head with his team approaches there
they begin to target all people who were
present there
now they go to that room where that fox
demon was singing a song
but they checked that there is not fox
demon there is only one girl
sitting with that landlord she has put
on the glasses
actually yuan had taken fox demon along
with him
and he brings her into his house at this
time
yuang had rescued that fox demon they
stay a night together
contrarily that bureau's head is
investigating the people
he kills all people except that girl
with glasses
he says reveal about that fox demon at
any cost
on the other side fox demon is awakened
somehow when she is sleeping
she checks that a person is ringing
phone he was not any strange man but the
father of yuan
he asks that fox demon girl through a
call who are you
where is my son that fox demon says that
he is sleeping
contrarily it is shown when that
bureau's head is unable to get details
from that girl with glasses
so he makes her to cut her throat it
means he ends her
then he proceeds to the house of yuan
and fox demon
yuan and fox demon also get to know
about this
so they escape from there but those
wicked moneylenders were powerful
they capture them taking the benefit of
that that fox girl again transforms into
the fox demon
and she flees accompanying yuan
meanwhile
they attack that fox demon many times so
she is injured
yuan is taking her on his back
suddenly some people take fox demon into
their vehicle
coming there they take care of her and
treat her wound
yuan and the fox demon heads to some
places she recovers
there was going on filming taking the
advantage of it
they changed their dress and they
changed their appearance
so they may not be recognized
but the fox demon notices that bureau s
head has again approached there
she was tired because she had already
injured
so she kneels down she says to him going
there
inject me that injection that you desire
what was the other task of bureau
s head so he injects her then the scene
timing is over here
three months later yuang arrives on the
scene
who is looking sorrowful and he is
seated on a swing with his father
his father says to him my son i know
why are you sad why are you not covering
your guilt
you are thinking this is you have
neither authority nor money
that you may take that fox demon back
rescuing her
but remember it the most precious thing
is in this world is your relationship
with someone
you may go and rescue that girl because
she is very decent girl and she likes
you
just observe this power of relationship
will drag her towards you
yuan says to his father while meeting
okay
i will take that fox demon back rescuing
her
then he directly moves to that man who
had assisted both of them in the vehicle
that man informs yuan that that fox
demon has been put to death
now it is too late you are late he
infuriates him
saying where were you before you on
starts weeping bitterly and also blaming
himself
then tv broadcasts a news that fox demon
is in the psychiatric hospital
because she'd gone insane hearing yuan
he regained some of his confidence
he resolves that he will always come to
her aid in any situation
and that man brings him in a restaurant
who had assisted him
he says that it is enchanted restaurant
keep it secret
it is going to help you out they move to
a chef there
who makes a mask using flour and he puts
it on the face of
yuan as a result he begins to look like
that bureau's head
then they move to an elevator like the
refrigerator which begins to move down
afterwards it is turned like rocket they
directly reach their wear bureau s
rehabilitation
center was situated in fact it was not
the government or private center where
fox demon was kept
it was not a separate place but it was
situated in that bureau's area
that head was runner of that bureau s
rehabilitation center
going there yuang pretends as he is the
head of this place
he commands the people there that
rehabilitation center should be unlocked
i need to meet that fox demon when yuan
goes there disguising bureau's head he
discovers that poor fox demon is
seriously ill
he has been tied with the heavy chains
and her face has distorted
he says to her going near her don't
worry
but fox demon is considering her the
bureau's head so she begins to attack
her
unmasking him yuan says look
i am here yuan but that fox demon bites
him because she is panicked
now yuan is accompanying her while
explaining her
on the opposite side the real bureau's
head approaches
he asks them who are you all what are
you doing here
how dare you release her from here then
yuang
and his companions say to him you are
fake
from where had you come then yuan and
his companion play a game there
they speak before everyone you are
unreal how have you come here
the real bureau's head says oh it is the
matter
take my wings he spreads his large black
wings outside
which were the identity of him here yuan
gets worried i did not know that he
possesses wings
from where should i appear the wings he
is still thinking it will a great
dishonor before everyone but i will also
be targeted
then god supports him some prisoners
begin to come out of the ground who had
been made captive there
they had also got the chance to take
their revenge they soon attack real
bureau's head and begin to pull his
wings
one of the men unlocks the door
consequently
all captives are released being united
they start to attack him
this act was interesting having a climax
then a child is seen trying to rescue
that fox demon
the storyline then takes a turn when
yuan and the fox demon board a train
together
it is working on water it means they
both were secure now
and they were departing from here
securely and the movie ends on this
scene
as well subscribe for watch more video
turn notification on
please comment and like share thank you
for watching